README.md, before:

# ZeroSeeker

ZeroSeeker is a Rust-based command-line utility that generates Ethereum contract addresses with a specified number of leading or total zero bytes. **Specialized for deployment of non-deterministic contracts**, ZeroSeeker generates a private key whose initial nonce can be used to generate a contract with chosen amount of leading or total zero bytes.

## Features

- Generates Ethereum addresses with a specified number of leading or total zero bytes in the contract address
- Parallelized search for faster results
- Estimates the time required to find an address with the desired complexity

## Usage

To use ZeroSeeker, run the following command:

```sh
cargo run --release -- -e "your_entropy_seed" -z number_of_zero_bytes [-l]
```

Replace your_entropy_seed with a string that will be used as a seed for generating the private key, and number_of_zero_bytes with the desired number of zero bytes in the contract address. Use the -l flag to specify if you want to count leading zero bytes (flag) or total zero bytes (no flag).

## Todo

- [ ] Reduce code shitiness
- [ ] GPU acceleration

Commit message:

Add security considerations section to readme

README.md, after:

# ZeroSeeker

ZeroSeeker is a Rust-based command-line utility that generates Ethereum contract addresses with a specified number of leading or total zero bytes. **Specialized for deployment of non-deterministic contracts**, ZeroSeeker generates a private key whose initial nonce can be used to generate a contract with chosen amount of leading or total zero bytes.

## Features

- Generates Ethereum addresses with a specified number of leading or total zero bytes in the contract address
- Parallelized search for faster results
- Estimates the time required to find an address with the desired complexity

## Usage

To use ZeroSeeker, run the following command:

```sh
cargo run --release -- -e "your_entropy_seed" -z number_of_zero_bytes [-l]
```

Replace your_entropy_seed with a string that will be used as a seed for generating the private key, and number_of_zero_bytes with the desired number of zero bytes in the contract address. Use the -l flag to specify if you want to count leading zero bytes (flag) or total zero bytes (no flag).

## Security Considerations
- Do not run this on an untrusted machine
- Never share your entropy seed or private key
- Make sure your entropy seed is irreproducible (the more characters the better)

## Todo

- [ ] Reduce code shitiness
- [ ] GPU acceleration
